QRadar: add polling in YAML (#29097)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_4_32.md

#### Integrations

##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Fixed an issue where **qradar-reference-set-value-upsert** and **qradar-indicators-upload** commands were not triggered polling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **qradar-reference-set-value-upsert** and **qradar-indicators-upload** commands were not marked as polling commands.
```

> - Fixed an issue where **qradar-reference-set-value-upsert** and **qradar-indicators-upload** commands were not marked as polling commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the following commands were not marked as polling commands:
   -  ***qradar-reference-set-value-upsert***
   - ***qradar-indicators-upload*** 
```
